docs(routing): add usage with routing docs (#3606)
Sage/carbon: src/components/link/link.stories.mdx

import { useState } from "react";
import { Meta, Story, Preview, Props } from "@storybook/addon-docs/blocks";
import Link, { InternalLink } from "./link.component";

<Meta title="Link" parameters={{ info: { disable: true } }} />

# Link

Navigates the user to another location.

> Avoid using links for commands (performing an action like saving a form) - use them for navigating the user to a new location.

Reviewer: Should we link to the routing documentation here? We don't want people that are using react-router to accidentally use `href` because it'll cause a full page refresh.

<Preview>
  <Story name="with Tooltip" parameters={{ chromatic: { disable: true } }}>
    <div style={{ margin: "64px" }}>
      <Link icon="settings" tooltipMessage="This is a tooltip message">
        This is a link
      </Link>
    </div>
  </Story>
</Preview>

### Tooltip Alignment

The alignment of the tooltip can be controlled using the `tooltipAlign` prop.

<Preview>
  <Story
    name="with Tooltip Align"
    parameters={{ chromatic: { disable: true } }}
  >
    {() => {
      return ["left", "right"].map((align) => (
        <div style={{ margin: "192px" }}>
          <Link
            icon="settings"
            tooltipMessage="This is a tooltip message"
            tooltipAlign={`${align}`}
          >
            This is a link
          </Link>
        </div>
      ));
    }}
  </Story>
</Preview>

### OnClick

A custom `onClick` function can be passed to the Link component.

<Preview>
  <Story name="with onClick" parameters={{ chromatic: { disable: true } }}>
    <Link onClick={() => {}}>This is a link</Link>
  </Story>
</Preview>

### Target

> Use the `target` prop to modify the behaviour when the Link component is clicked. In this example, target has been assigned '\_blank'.

Reviewer: I think this should be a code snippet.
```suggestion
Use the `target` prop to modify the behaviour when the Link component is clicked. In this example, target has been assigned `_blank`.
```
